[Music]
they warned us that something was coming
if there is ever an end in this forever
war it will be because of you and your
strong right hand
your side sorry my bad where the line in
the sand we fight against the forces of
darkness
this is the earth we're expecting a sign
that says secret headquarters
[Music]
hi I need some ID love oh are you
serious you made me a damn weapon I just
wanted to help you become the best you
[Applause]
some dads get their kids Legos saving
the world or something
does it do anything special yeah it
smashes things real good
you are mankind's best and only hope
I thought we were supposed to be
fighting monsters not working with them
you call it monster pal you look in the
mirror recently he's sorry
erupts on the country you've arrived
just in time
[Music]